Small defender-for-identity/deploy/active-directory-federation-services corrections (#672)
MicrosoftDocs/ATADocs: ATPDocs/deploy/active-directory-federation-services.md

In these sample codes:

> - **[DOMAIN1\mdiSvc01]** is the directory services user of the workspace (if you are working with a gMSA, use **[DOMAIN1\mdiSvc01$]** instead)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[DOMAIN1\mdiSvc01]** is the directory services user of the workspace. If you're working with a gMSA, append a **$** to the end of the username. For example: **[DOMAIN1\mdiSvc01$]**
```

Author: Thank you, that's looking great.
